### Zadanie conditional 

If I run out of pocket money, I will try to work harder.

If i didn't know how to use zoom, I would ask uncle google for help.

<div align="center">

# UNIT 2

</div>

page 30

ex.1

1-b, 2-c, 3-d, 4-a, 5-e, 6-h, 7-f, 8-g (PERFECT)

There is evidence to suggest that use of mobile technology has a negative effect on our memory. Do you think it's true? Why?/ Why not? 

I think that's a true statement. I've even seen some changes on my-self. First of all, when I had era where I was scrolling through tik tok. My attention span dropped extreamly. I couldn't focues for more than 20 seconds on basic things. That's why i decided to cut down social media. Secondly, I even see a lot changes with / about my friends. They can waste around 3 hours using dumb social media and after that they seem to be more tired than before using phone. Also looking at the small screen for a long period of time is not healty for our eyes. It makes our vision blury. I claim that our brain is not adapted to take that much info in short period of time.


Ronald Reagan SPEACH


1. What are traing app supposed to do?

They are supposed to train your memory better and make you inteligent
They cannot make you more inteligent

2. What did the psychologists from the Univeristy of Unileois indetified?

The psychologists claimed that can't make you more inteligent
They only help them to be better at those games

3. Why were some studies poorly designed?

They only tested 20 people andother study, were watching TV and other were playing this app.
One subject isn't enough to decide.

4. What can people do to improve their memory and concentration?

Brain traing comapnies are working with the best .

Value of physcial exercise. jogging?
and mastering other skills like piano lessons. Enjoy your gaming.
